Add `Notelock` (#6043)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmapping/Overall_difficulty/en.md

| 100 | `280ms - 16ms * OD` |
| 300 | `160ms - 12ms * OD` |

> If the player hits outside of the 50's hit window, it will count as a miss. In case the hit windows of two objects overlap, the second object will be inaccessible due to [note lock](/wiki/Gameplay/Note_lock) until the first object is cleared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the player hits outside of the 50's hit window, it will count as a miss. In case the hit windows of two objects overlap, the second object will be inaccessible until the first object disappears due to [note lock](/wiki/Gameplay/Note_lock).
```
